[AIRFLOW-XXXX] remove vestigial sentence fragment in changelog (#8864)
mistercrunch/Airflow: CHANGELOG.txt

- [AIRFLOW-6327] http_hook: Accept json= parameter for payload (#6886)
- [AIRFLOW-6261] flower_basic_auth eligible to _cmd (#6825)
- [AIRFLOW-6238] Filter dags returned by dag_stats

> - [AIRFLOW-5616] Switch PrestoHook from pyhive to prestosql-client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [AIRFLOW-5616] Switch PrestoHook from pyhive to presto-python-client
```
Would be better? @MichaelChirico

Author: Sorry I don't really know the details of these modules. I only noticed the typo, you can feel free to edit as you see fit.
